Ethereum studio (#308)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: docs/get-started/index.md

---
title: Get Started
lang: en-US
sidebar: false
layout: home
hideHero: true
---

<div class="getstarted">
  <div class="center">

>     <h1> Build on Ethereum, the Open Development Platform.

Reviewer: I'm very unsure about this title, but not 100% sure what to replace it with.

"The decentralized development platform"
"Build on Ethereum"
"Learn how to build on Ethereum"
"Try Building on Ethereum"

?

Reviewer 2: - agree "open development platform" is too vague
- I think it makes more sense to orient this text around just trying to get the user to try out the studio, rather than explain what Ethereum is

How about just:

"Get started building on Ethereum"

"Learn the basics of development on Ethereum with Ethereum Studio, a web based IDE where you can code, test, and deploy basic applications"

Reviewer: Perfect, it was almost too obvious…

    </h1>

>   <h2> Learn the basics of Ethereum with Ethereum Studio, our web based IDE where you can code and test basic applications.</h2>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <h2> Learn the basics of Ethereum with Ethereum Studio, our web-based IDE where you can create and test smart contracts and their front end.</h2>
```

Reviewer 2: +1

  <a href="https://studio.ethereum.org" target="blank">
  <button class="try-button"> Try it now</button>
  </a>
  <div class="terminal-gif">
  <img src="/terminal.gif" />
  </div>
  <h2 class="bold">

>     Start coding right away. Save many hours of development setup, try the following templates to see what you can build with Ethereum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start coding right away, saving many hours of development setup. Try the following templates to see what you can build with Ethereum.
```

Reviewer 2: +1

  </h2>
  <div class="features">
    <div class="feature">
      <div class="icon">
        👋
      </div>
      <div class="box">
        <div class="box-title">
          Hello World
        </div>
        <div class="box-description">

>           Learn how to code a smart contract, how to create the simplest contract and how to interact with it by sending transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          A Hello World style template that deploys a smart contract with a configurable message, and renders it to the browser.
```

Reviewer 2: +1

        </div>
        <div class="box-link">
          <a href="https://studio.ethereum.org/1">Run Hello World </a>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div class="feature">
      <div class="icon">
        🗝️
      </div>
      <div class="box">
        <div class="box-title">
          ERC-20 Token
        </div>
        <div class="box-description">

>           Discover how you can create unique incentives by creating

Reviewer: Being lazy here as it's line-broken…

> A template that uses the ERC-20 standard to define a reproducible token you can create and send to others.

Reviewer 2: in this context, does `reproducible` = `fungible`? if so, I think the latter is the more common and understandable term

Reviewer: I would challenge that fungible is that well known outside of our community, somewhat why I tried to use a more general word.

          your own token. Learn how to mint and distribute tokens
          to different users.
        </div>
        <div class="box-link">
          <a href="https://studio.ethereum.org/2">Mint your token</a>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div class="feature">
      <div class="icon">
        🍕
      </div>
      <div class="box">
        <div class="box-title">
          Crypto Pizza
        </div>
        <div class="box-description">

>           See a dapp in action. Learn how to

Reviewer: Again being lazy…

> A collectibles game built on top of the ERC-721 standard for creating unique tokens.

Reviewer 2: +1
